New feature flag: allow_error_cb_on_chord_header - allowing setting an error callback on chord header (#7712)
celery/celery: docs/userguide/configuration.rst

``CELERY_TASK_TRACK_STARTED``              :setting:`task_track_started`
``CELERY_TASK_REJECT_ON_WORKER_LOST``      :setting:`task_reject_on_worker_lost`
``CELERYD_TIME_LIMIT``                     :setting:`task_time_limit`

> ``CELERY_ALLOW_ERROR_CB_ON_CHORD_HEADER``  :setting:`task_allow_error_cb_on_chord_header`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :setting:`task_allow_error_cb_on_chord_header`
```

Reviewer: I don't think we need the uppercase setting equivalent here, do we?

Author: For now it's better to have it to keep consistency.

Task hard time limit in seconds. The worker processing the task will
be killed and replaced with a new one when this is exceeded.

.. setting:: task_allow_error_cb_on_chord_header

> .. _task_allow_error_cb_on_chord_header:

Reviewer 2: We don't need an anchor here. The settings directive creates one for us.

Author: Np, will be removed

Author: Fix pushed

``task_allow_error_cb_on_chord_header``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. versionadded:: 5.3

Default: Disabled.

Enabling this flag will allow linking an error callback to a chord header,
which by default will not link when using :code:`link_error()`, and preventing

> from the chord body to execute if the header fails.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
from the chord's body to execute if any of the tasks in the header fails.
```

Consider the following canvas:

.. code-block:: python

    header = group([t1, t2])
    body = t3
    c = chord(header, body)
    c.link_error(error_callback_sig)

> If :code:`t1` or :code:`t2` will fail, by default, the chord body would still execute, and :code:`error_callback_sig` will **not** be called.

Reviewer 2: Have we verified this?

Author: Now I did. This description is wrong. Will be fixed.

Author: Fix pushed

Consider the following canvas with the flag disabled (default behavior):

.. code-block:: python

    header = group([t1, t2])
    body = t3
    c = chord(header, body)
    c.link_error(error_callback_sig)

If *any* of the header tasks failed (:code:`t1` or :code:`t2`), by default, the chord body (:code:`t3`) would **not execute**, and :code:`error_callback_sig` will be called **once** (for the body).

Enabling this flag will change the above behavior by:

1. :code:`error_callback_sig` will be linked to :code:`t1` and :code:`t2` (as well as :code:`t3`).
2. If *any* of the header tasks failed, :code:`error_callback_sig` will be called **for each** failed header task **and** the :code:`body` (even if the body didn't run).

Consider now the following canvas with the flag enabled:

.. code-block:: python

    header = group([failingT1, failingT2])
    body = t3
    c = chord(header, body)
    c.link_error(error_callback_sig)

If *all* of the header tasks failed (:code:`failingT1` and :code:`failingT2`), then the chord body (:code:`t3`) would **not execute**, and :code:`error_callback_sig` will be called **3 times** (two times for the header and one time for the body).

> 

Author: This block was rewritten, please review again
